red-throated loon
arctic loon
pacific loon
common loon
yellow-billed loon
least grebe
pied-billed grebe
horned grebe
red-necked grebe
eared grebe
western grebe
clark's grebe
yellow-nosed albatross
shy albatross
black-browed albatross
wandering albatross
laysan albatross
black-footed albatross
short-tailed albatross
northern fulmar
herald petrel
murphy's petrel
mottled petrel
black-capped petrel
cook's petrel
stejneger's petrel
white-chinned petrel
streaked shearwater
cory's shearwater
pink-footed shearwater
flesh-footed shearwater
greater shearwater
wedge-tailed shearwater
buller's shearwater
sooty shearwater
short-tailed shearwater
manx shearwater
black-vented shearwater
audubon's shearwater
little shearwater
wilson's storm-petrel
white-faced storm-petrel
european storm-petrel
fork-tailed storm-petrel
leach's storm-petrel
ashy storm-petrel
band-rumped storm-petrel
wedge-rumped storm-petrel
black storm-petrel
least storm-petrel
white-tailed tropicbird
red-billed tropicbird
red-tailed tropicbird
masked booby
blue-footed booby
brown booby
red-footed booby
northern gannet
american white pelican
brown pelican
brandt's cormorant
neotropic cormorant
double-crested cormorant
great cormorant
red-faced cormorant
pelagic cormorant
anhinga
magnificent frigatebird
great frigatebird
lesser frigatebird
american bittern
yellow bittern
least bittern
great blue heron
great egret
chinese egret
little egret
western reef-heron
snowy egret
little blue heron
tricolored heron
reddish egret
cattle egret
green heron
black-crowned night-heron
yellow-crowned night-heron
white ibis
scarlet ibis
glossy ibis
white-faced ibis
roseate spoonbill
jabiru
wood stork
black vulture
turkey vulture
california condor
greater flamingo
black-bellied whistling-duck
fulvous whistling-duck
bean goose
pink-footed goose
greater white-fronted goose
lesser white-fronted goose
emperor goose
snow goose
ross's goose
canada goose
brant
barnacle goose
mute swan
trumpeter swan
tundra swan
whooper swan
muscovy duck
wood duck
gadwall
falcated duck
eurasian wigeon
american wigeon
american black duck
mallard
mottled duck
spot-billed duck
blue-winged teal
cinnamon teal
northern shoveler
white-cheeked pintail
northern pintail
garganey
baikal teal
green-winged teal
canvasback
redhead
common pochard
ring-necked duck
tufted duck
greater scaup
lesser scaup
steller's eider
spectacled eider
king eider
common eider
harlequin duck
labrador duck
surf scoter
white-winged scoter
black scoter
oldsquaw
bufflehead
common goldeneye
barrow's goldeneye
smew
hooded merganser
common merganser
red-breasted merganser
masked duck
ruddy duck
osprey
hook-billed kite
swallow-tailed kite
white-tailed kite
snail kite
mississippi kite
bald eagle
white-tailed eagle
steller's sea-eagle
northern harrier
sharp-shinned hawk
cooper's hawk
northern goshawk
crane hawk
gray hawk
common black-hawk
harris's hawk
roadside hawk
red-shouldered hawk
broad-winged hawk
short-tailed hawk
swainson's hawk
white-tailed hawk
zone-tailed hawk
red-tailed hawk
ferruginous hawk
rough-legged hawk
golden eagle
collared forest-falcon
crested caracara
eurasian kestrel
american kestrel
merlin
eurasian hobby
aplomado falcon
gyrfalcon
peregrine falcon
prairie falcon
plain chachalaca
chukar
himalayan snowcock
gray partridge
ring-necked pheasant
ruffed grouse
sage grouse
spruce grouse
willow ptarmigan
rock ptarmigan
white-tailed ptarmigan
blue grouse
sharp-tailed grouse
greater prairie-chicken
lesser prairie-chicken
wild turkey
mountain quail
scaled quail
california quail
gambel's quail
northern bobwhite
montezuma quail
yellow rail
black rail
corn crake
clapper rail
king rail
virginia rail
sora
paint-billed crake
spotted rail
purple gallinule
azure gallinule
common moorhen
eurasian coot
american coot
limpkin
sandhill crane
common crane
whooping crane
double-striped thick-knee
northern lapwing
black-bellied plover
european golden-plover
american golden-plover
pacific golden-plover
mongolian plover
collared plover
snowy plover
wilson's plover
common ringed plover
semipalmated plover
piping plover
little ringed plover
killdeer
mountain plover
eurasian dotterel
eurasian oystercatcher
american oystercatcher
black oystercatcher
black-winged stilt
black-necked stilt
american avocet
northern jacana
common greenshank
greater yellowlegs
lesser yellowlegs
marsh sandpiper
spotted redshank
wood sandpiper
green sandpiper
solitary sandpiper
willet
wandering tattler
gray-tailed tattler
common sandpiper
spotted sandpiper
terek sandpiper
upland sandpiper
little curlew
eskimo curlew
whimbrel
bristle-thighed curlew
far eastern curlew
slender-billed curlew
eurasian curlew
long-billed curlew
black-tailed godwit
hudsonian godwit
bar-tailed godwit
marbled godwit
ruddy turnstone
black turnstone
surfbird
great knot
red knot
sanderling
semipalmated sandpiper
western sandpiper
red-necked stint
little stint
temminck's stint
long-toed stint
least sandpiper
white-rumped sandpiper
baird's sandpiper
pectoral sandpiper
sharp-tailed sandpiper
purple sandpiper
rock sandpiper
dunlin
curlew sandpiper
stilt sandpiper
spoonbill sandpiper
broad-billed sandpiper
buff-breasted sandpiper
ruff
short-billed dowitcher
long-billed dowitcher
jack snipe
common snipe
pin-tailed snipe
eurasian woodcock
american woodcock
wilson's phalarope
red-necked phalarope
red phalarope
oriental pratincole
great skua
south polar skua
pomarine jaeger
parasitic jaeger
long-tailed jaeger
laughing gull
franklin's gull
little gull
black-headed gull
bonaparte's gull
heermann's gull
band-tailed gull
black-tailed gull
mew gull
ring-billed gull
california gull
herring gull
yellow-legged gull
thayer's gull
iceland gull
lesser black-backed gull
slaty-backed gull
yellow-footed gull
western gull
glaucous-winged gull
glaucous gull
great black-backed gull
sabine's gull
black-legged kittiwake
red-legged kittiwake
ross's gull
ivory gull
gull-billed tern
caspian tern
royal tern
elegant tern
sandwich tern
roseate tern
common tern
arctic tern
forster's tern
least tern
aleutian tern
bridled tern
sooty tern
large-billed tern
white-winged tern
whiskered tern
black tern
brown noddy
black noddy
black skimmer
dovekie
common murre
thick-billed murre
razorbill
great auk
black guillemot
pigeon guillemot
long-billed murrelet
marbled murrelet
kittlitz's murrelet
xantus's murrelet
craveri's murrelet
ancient murrelet
cassin's auklet
parakeet auklet
least auklet
whiskered auklet
crested auklet
rhinoceros auklet
atlantic puffin
horned puffin
tufted puffin
rock dove
scaly-naped pigeon
white-crowned pigeon
red-billed pigeon
band-tailed pigeon
oriental turtle-dove
european turtle-dove
eurasian collared-dove
spotted dove
white-winged dove
zenaida dove
mourning dove
passenger pigeon
inca dove
common ground-dove
ruddy ground-dove
white-tipped dove
key west quail-dove
ruddy quail-dove
budgerigar
monk parakeet
carolina parakeet
thick-billed parrot
white-winged parakeet
red-crowned parrot
common cuckoo
oriental cuckoo
black-billed cuckoo
yellow-billed cuckoo
mangrove cuckoo
greater roadrunner
smooth-billed ani
groove-billed ani
barn owl
flammulated owl
oriental scops-owl
western screech-owl
eastern screech-owl
whiskered screech-owl
great horned owl
snowy owl
northern hawk owl
northern pygmy-owl
ferruginous pygmy-owl
elf owl
burrowing owl
mottled owl
spotted owl
barred owl
great gray owl
long-eared owl
short-eared owl
boreal owl
northern saw-whet owl
lesser nighthawk
common nighthawk
antillean nighthawk
common pauraque
common poorwill
chuck-will's-widow
buff-collared nightjar
whip-poor-will
jungle nightjar
black swift
white-collared swift
chimney swift
vaux's swift
white-throated needletail
common swift
fork-tailed swift
white-throated swift
antillean palm swift
green violet-ear
green-breasted mango
broad-billed hummingbird
white-eared hummingbird
xantus's hummingbird
berylline hummingbird
buff-bellied hummingbird
cinnamon hummingbird
violet-crowned hummingbird
blue-throated hummingbird
magnificent hummingbird
plain-capped starthroat
bahama woodstar
lucifer hummingbird
ruby-throated hummingbird
black-chinned hummingbird
anna's hummingbird
costa's hummingbird
calliope hummingbird
bumblebee hummingbird
broad-tailed hummingbird
rufous hummingbird
allen's hummingbird
elegant trogon
eared trogon
hoopoe
ringed kingfisher
belted kingfisher
green kingfisher
eurasian wryneck
lewis's woodpecker
red-headed woodpecker
acorn woodpecker
gila woodpecker
golden-fronted woodpecker
red-bellied woodpecker
williamson's sapsucker
yellow-bellied sapsucker
red-naped sapsucker
red-breasted sapsucker
great spotted woodpecker
ladder-backed woodpecker
nuttall's woodpecker
downy woodpecker
hairy woodpecker
strickland's woodpecker
red-cockaded woodpecker
white-headed woodpecker
three-toed woodpecker
black-backed woodpecker
northern flicker
gilded flicker
pileated woodpecker
ivory-billed woodpecker
northern beardless-tyrannulet
greenish elaenia
caribbean elaenia
tufted flycatcher
olive-sided flycatcher
greater pewee
western wood-pewee
eastern wood-pewee
yellow-bellied flycatcher
acadian flycatcher
alder flycatcher
willow flycatcher
least flycatcher
hammond's flycatcher
dusky flycatcher
gray flycatcher
pacific-slope flycatcher
cordilleran flycatcher
buff-breasted flycatcher
black phoebe
eastern phoebe
say's phoebe
vermilion flycatcher
dusky-capped flycatcher
ash-throated flycatcher
nutting's flycatcher
great crested flycatcher
brown-crested flycatcher
la sagra's flycatcher
great kiskadee
sulphur-bellied flycatcher
variegated flycatcher
tropical kingbird
couch's kingbird
cassin's kingbird
thick-billed kingbird
western kingbird
eastern kingbird
gray kingbird
loggerhead kingbird
scissor-tailed flycatcher
fork-tailed flycatcher
rose-throated becard
masked tityra
brown shrike
loggerhead shrike
northern shrike
white-eyed vireo
thick-billed vireo
bell's vireo
black-capped vireo
gray vireo
yellow-throated vireo
plumbeous vireo
cassin's vireo
blue-headed vireo
hutton's vireo
warbling vireo
philadelphia vireo
red-eyed vireo
yellow-green vireo
black-whiskered vireo
yucatan vireo
gray jay
steller's jay
blue jay
green jay
brown jay
florida scrub-jay
island scrub-jay
western scrub-jay
mexican jay
pinyon jay
clark's nutcracker
black-billed magpie
yellow-billed magpie
eurasian jackdaw
american crow
northwestern crow
tamaulipas crow
fish crow
chihuahuan raven
common raven
sky lark
horned lark
purple martin
cuban martin
gray-breasted martin
southern martin
brown-chested martin
tree swallow
violet-green swallow
bahama swallow
northern rough-winged swallow
bank swallow
cliff swallow
cave swallow
barn swallow
common house-martin
carolina chickadee
black-capped chickadee
mountain chickadee
mexican chickadee
chestnut-backed chickadee
boreal chickadee
gray-headed chickadee
bridled titmouse
oak titmouse
juniper titmouse
tufted titmouse
verdin
bushtit
red-breasted nuthatch
white-breasted nuthatch
pygmy nuthatch
brown-headed nuthatch
brown creeper
cactus wren
rock wren
canyon wren
carolina wren
bewick's wren
house wren
winter wren
sedge wren
marsh wren
american dipper
red-whiskered bulbul
golden-crowned kinglet
ruby-crowned kinglet
middendorff's grasshopper-warbler
lanceolated warbler
wood warbler
dusky warbler
arctic warbler
blue-gray gnatcatcher
california gnatcatcher
black-tailed gnatcatcher
black-capped gnatcatcher
narcissus flycatcher
mugimaki flycatcher
red-breasted flycatcher
siberian flycatcher
gray-spotted flycatcher
asian brown flycatcher
siberian rubythroat
bluethroat
siberian blue robin
red-flanked bluetail
northern wheatear
stonechat
eastern bluebird
western bluebird
mountain bluebird
townsend's solitaire
veery
gray-cheeked thrush
bicknell's thrush
swainson's thrush
hermit thrush
wood thrush
eurasian blackbird
eyebrowed thrush
dusky thrush
fieldfare
redwing
clay-colored robin
white-throated robin
rufous-backed robin
american robin
varied thrush
aztec thrush
wrentit
gray catbird
black catbird
northern mockingbird
bahama mockingbird
sage thrasher
brown thrasher
long-billed thrasher
bendire's thrasher
curve-billed thrasher
california thrasher
crissal thrasher
le conte's thrasher
blue mockingbird
european starling
crested myna
siberian accentor
yellow wagtail
citrine wagtail
gray wagtail
white wagtail
black-backed wagtail
tree pipit
olive-backed pipit
pechora pipit
red-throated pipit
american pipit
sprague's pipit
bohemian waxwing
cedar waxwing
gray silky-flycatcher
phainopepla
olive warbler
bachman's warbler
blue-winged warbler
golden-winged warbler
tennessee warbler
orange-crowned warbler
nashville warbler
virginia's warbler
colima warbler
lucy's warbler
crescent-chested warbler
northern parula
tropical parula
yellow warbler
chestnut-sided warbler
magnolia warbler
cape may warbler
black-throated blue warbler
yellow-rumped warbler
black-throated gray warbler
golden-cheeked warbler
black-throated green warbler
townsend's warbler
hermit warbler
blackburnian warbler
yellow-throated warbler
grace's warbler
pine warbler
kirtland's warbler
prairie warbler
palm warbler
bay-breasted warbler
blackpoll warbler
cerulean warbler
black-and-white warbler
american redstart
prothonotary warbler
worm-eating warbler
swainson's warbler
ovenbird
northern waterthrush
louisiana waterthrush
kentucky warbler
connecticut warbler
mourning warbler
macgillivray's warbler
common yellowthroat
gray-crowned yellowthroat
hooded warbler
wilson's warbler
canada warbler
red-faced warbler
painted redstart
slate-throated redstart
fan-tailed warbler
golden-crowned warbler
rufous-capped warbler
yellow-breasted chat
bananaquit
hepatic tanager
summer tanager
scarlet tanager
western tanager
flame-colored tanager
stripe-headed tanager
white-collared seedeater
yellow-faced grassquit
black-faced grassquit
olive sparrow
green-tailed towhee
spotted towhee
eastern towhee
canyon towhee
california towhee
abert's towhee
rufous-winged sparrow
cassin's sparrow
bachman's sparrow
botteri's sparrow
rufous-crowned sparrow
five-striped sparrow
american tree sparrow
chipping sparrow
clay-colored sparrow
brewer's sparrow
field sparrow
worthen's sparrow
black-chinned sparrow
vesper sparrow
lark sparrow
black-throated sparrow
sage sparrow
lark bunting
savannah sparrow
grasshopper sparrow
baird's sparrow
henslow's sparrow
le conte's sparrow
nelson's sharp-tailed sparrow
saltmarsh sharp-tailed sparrow
seaside sparrow
fox sparrow
song sparrow
lincoln's sparrow
swamp sparrow
white-throated sparrow
harris's sparrow
white-crowned sparrow
golden-crowned sparrow
dark-eyed junco
yellow-eyed junco
mccown's longspur
lapland longspur
smith's longspur
chestnut-collared longspur
pine bunting
little bunting
rustic bunting
yellow-breasted bunting
gray bunting
pallas's bunting
reed bunting
snow bunting
mckay's bunting
crimson-collared grosbeak
northern cardinal
pyrrhuloxia
yellow grosbeak
rose-breasted grosbeak
black-headed grosbeak
blue bunting
blue grosbeak
lazuli bunting
indigo bunting
varied bunting
painted bunting
dickcissel
bobolink
red-winged blackbird
tricolored blackbird
tawny-shouldered blackbird
eastern meadowlark
western meadowlark
yellow-headed blackbird
rusty blackbird
brewer's blackbird
common grackle
boat-tailed grackle
great-tailed grackle
shiny cowbird
bronzed cowbird
brown-headed cowbird
black-vented oriole
orchard oriole
hooded oriole
streak-backed oriole
spot-breasted oriole
altamira oriole
audubon's oriole
baltimore oriole
bullock's oriole
scott's oriole
common chaffinch
brambling
gray-crowned rosy-finch
black rosy-finch
brown-capped rosy-finch
pine grosbeak
common rosefinch
purple finch
cassin's finch
house finch
red crossbill
white-winged crossbill
common redpoll
hoary redpoll
eurasian siskin
pine siskin
lesser goldfinch
lawrence's goldfinch
american goldfinch
oriental greenfinch
eurasian bullfinch
evening grosbeak
hawfinch
house sparrow
eurasian tree sparrow