aberdeen angus
abergele
abigar
abondance
abyssinian shorthorned zebu
aceh
achham
adamawa
adaptaur
afar
africangus
afrikaner
agerolese
alambadi
alatau
albanian
albera
alderney
alentejana
aleutian wild cattle
aliad dinka
alistana-sanabresa
allmogekor
alur
american
american angus
american beef friesian
american brown swiss
american milking devon
american white park
amerifax
amrit mahal
amsterdam island cattle
anatolian black
andalusian black
andalusian blond
andalusian grey
angeln
angoni
ankina
ankole
ankole-watusi
aracena
arado
argentine criollo
argentine friesian
armorican
arouquesa
arsi
asturian mountain
asturian valley
aubrac
aulie-ata
aure et saint-girons
australian braford
australian brangus
australian charbray
australian friesian sahiwal
australian lowline
australian milking zebu
australian shorthorn
austrian simmental
austrian yellow
avétonou
avileña-negra ibérica
aweil dinka
ayrshire
azaouak
azebuado
azerbaijan zebu
azores
bedit
breed
bachaur cattle
baherie cattle
bakosi cattle
balancer
baoule
bargur cattle
barrosã
barzona
bazadaise
beef freisian
beefalo
beefmaker
beefmaster
begayt
belgian blue
belgian red
belgian red pied
belgian white-and-red
belmont red
belted galloway
bernese
berrenda cattle
betizu
bianca modenese
blaarkop
black angus
black baldy
black hereford
blanca cacereña
blanco orejinegro bon
blonde d'aquitaine
blue albion
blue grey
bohuskulla
bonsmara
boran
boškarin
braford
brahman
brahmousin
brangus
braunvieh
brava
british white
british friesian
brown carpathian
brown caucasian
brown swiss
bue lingo
burlina
buša cattle
butana cattle
bushuyev
cedit
cachena
caldelana
camargue
campbell island cattle
canadian speckle park
canadienne
canaria
canchim
caracu
cárdena andaluza
carinthian blondvieh
carora
charbray
charolais
chateaubriand
chiangus
chianina
chillingham cattle
chinese black pied
cholistani
coloursided white back
commercial
corriente
corsican cattle
costeño con cuernos
crioulo lageano
dedit
dajal
dangi cattle
danish black-pied
danish jersey
danish red
deep red cattle
deoni
devon
dexter cattle
dhanni
doayo cattle
doela
drakensberger
dølafe
droughtmaster
dulong'
dutch belted
dutch friesian
dwarf lulu
eedit
east anatolian red
eastern finncattle
eastern red polled
enderby island cattle
english longhorn
ennstaler bergscheck
estonian holstein
estonian native
estonian red cattle
évolène cattle
fedit
fēng cattle
finnish ayrshire
finncattle
finnish holstein-friesian
fjäll
fleckvieh
florida cracker cattle
fogera
french simmental
fribourgeoise
friesian red and white
fulani sudanese
gedit
galician blond
galloway cattle
gangatiri
gaolao
garvonesa
gascon cattle
gelbvieh
georgian mountain cattle
german angus
german black pied cattle
german black pied dairy
german red pied
gir
glan cattle
gloucester
gobra
greek shorthorn
greek steppe
greyman cattle
gudali
guernsey cattle
guzerá
hedit
hallikar4
hanwoo
hariana cattle
hartón del valle
harzer rotvieh
hays converter
heck cattle
hereford
herens
hybridmaster
highland cattle
hinterwald
holando-argentino
holstein friesian cattle
horro
huáng cattle
hungarian grey
iedit
iberian cattle
icelandic
illawarra cattle
improved red and white
indo-brazilian
irish moiled
israeli holstein
israeli red
istoben cattle
istrian cattle
jedit
jamaica black
jamaica hope
jamaica red
japanese brown
jarmelista
javari cattle
jersey cattle
jutland cattle
kedit
kabin buri cattle
kalmyk cattle
kangayam
kankrej
kamphaeng saen cattle
karan swiss
kasaragod dwarf cattle
kathiawadi
kazakh whiteheaded
kenana cattle
kenkatha cattle
kerry cattle
kherigarh
khillari cattle
kholomogory
korat wagyu
kostroma cattle
krishna valley cattle
kuri
kurgan cattle
ledit
la reina cattle
lakenvelder cattle
lampurger
latvian blue
latvian brown
latvian danish red
lebedyn
levantina
limia cattle
limousin
limpurger
lincoln red
lineback
lithuanian black-and-white
lithuanian light grey
lithuanian red
lithuanian white-backed
lohani cattle
lourdais
lucerna cattle
luing
medit
madagascar zebu
madura
maine-anjou
malnad gidda
malvi
mandalong special
mantequera leonesa
maramureş brown
marchigiana
maremmana
marinhoa
maronesa
masai
mashona
menorquina
mertolenga
meuse-rhine-issel
mewati
milking shorthorn
minhota
mirandesa
mirkadim
mocăniţă
mollie
monchina
mongolian
montbéliarde
morucha
muturu
murboden
murnau-werdenfels
murray grey
nedit
nagori
n'dama
negra andaluza
nelore
nguni
nimari
normande
north bengal grey
northern finncattle
northern shorthorn
norwegian red
oedit]
ongole
original simmental
pedit
pajuna
palmera
pantaneiro
parda alpina
parthenaise
pasiega
pembroke
philippine native
pie rouge des plaines
piedmontese cattle
pineywoods
pinzgauer
pirenaica
podolac
podolica
polish black-and-white
polish red
polled hereford
poll shorthorn
polled shorthorn
ponwar
preta
punganur
pulikulam
pustertaler sprinzen
qedit
qinchaun
queensland miniature boran
redit
ramo grande
randall
raramuri criollo
rathi
rätisches grauvieh
raya
red angus
red brangus
red chittagong
red fulani
red gorbatov
red holstein
red kandhari
red mingrelian
red poll
red polled østland
red sindhi
retinta
riggit galloway
ringamåla
rohjan
romagnola
romanian bălţata
romanian steppe gray
romosinuano
russian black pied
rx3
sedit
sahiwal
salers
salorn
sanga
sanhe
santa cruz
santa gertrudis
sayaguesa
schwyz
selembu
senepol
serbian pied
serbian steppe
sheko
shetland
shorthorn
siboney de cuba
simbrah
simford
simmental
siri
south devon
spanish fighting bull
speckle park
square meater
sussex
swedish friesian
swedish polled
swedish red pied
swedish red polled
swedish red-and-white
tedit
tabapuã
tarentaise
tasmanian grey
tauros
telemark
texas longhorn
texon
thai black
thai fighting bull
thai friesian
thai milking zebu
tharparkar
tswana
tudanca
tuli
tulim
turkish grey steppe
tux-zillertal
tyrol grey
uedit
umblachery
ukrainian grey
vedit
valdostana castana
valdostana pezzata nera
valdostana pezzata rossa
väneko
vaynol
vechur8
vestland fjord
vestland red polled
vianesa
volinian beef
vorderwald
vosgienne
wedit
wagyu
waguli
wangus
welsh black
western finncattle
white cáceres
white fulani
white lamphun
white park
whitebred shorthorn
xedit
xingjiang brown
yedit
yakutian
yanbian
yanhuang
yurino
zedit
żubroń
zebu